# linear regression assignment 
## Research question: (3 points) Come up with a research question that you want to answer using these data and a multiple linear regression model. You should phrase your research question in a way that matches up with the scope of inference your dataset allows for. You are welcomed to create new variables based on existing ones. Along with your research question include a brief discussion (1-2 sentences) as to why this question is of interest to you and/or your audience.
## EDA: (10 points) Perform exploratory data analysis (EDA) that addresses the research question you outlined above. Your EDA should contain numerical summaries and visualizations. Your EDA does not have to touch on every single variable that you are considering for your model, but what you choose to present should be a deliberate (not haphazard) selection. This might mean you initially create a lot more visualizations and summary statistics than what you finally choose to include in your paper. Each R output and plot should be accompanied by a brief interpretation.
## Modeling: (20 points) Develop a multiple linear regression model to predict a numerical variable in the dataset. The response variable and the explanatory variables can be existing variables in the dataset, or new variables you create based on existing variables.
## Prediction: (5 points) Pick a movie from 2016 (a new movie that is not in the sample) and do a prediction for this movie using your the model you developed and the `predict` function in R. Also quantify the uncertainty around this prediction using an appropriate interval.
## Conclusion: (3 points)A brief summary of your findings from the previous sections without repeating your statements from earlier as well as a discussion of what you have learned about the data and your research question. You should also discuss any shortcomings of your current study (either due to data collection or methodology) and include ideas for possible future research.
